:seedling: Add variable discovery to topology mutation proposal (#7932)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/experimental-features/runtime-sdk/implement-topology-mutation-hook.md

## Introduction

Three different hooks are called as part of Topology Mutation - two in the Cluster topology reconciler and one in the ClusterClass reconciler.

**Cluster topology reconciliation**
* **GeneratePatches**: GeneratePatches is responsible for generating patches for the entire Cluster topology.
* **ValidateTopology**: ValidateTopology is called after all patches have been applied and thus allow to validate 
  the resulting objects.

**ClusterClass reconciliation**

> * **DiscoverVariables**: DiscoverVariables is responsible for providing variable definitions for a specific ClusterClass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **DiscoverVariables**: DiscoverVariables is responsible for providing variable definitions for a specific External Patch.
```
Isn't it? Am I interpreting this wrong?

Author: Good catch! Thanks!

of a variable definition is recorded in the `namespace` field in ClusterClass `.status.variables`.
Variables that are defined by an external DiscoverVariables hook will have the name of the patch they are associated with as their namespace.
Variables that are defined in the ClusterClass `.spec.variables` will have the namespace `inline`.
Note: `inline` is a reserved namespace. It can not be used as the name of an external patch to avoid conflicts.

If all variables that share a name have equivalent schemas the variables are considered `global` . `global` variables can
be set without providing a namespace - [see below](#setting-values-for-variables-in-the-cluster). The CAPI components will
consider variable definitions to be equivalent when they share a name and their schema is exactly equal.

### Setting values for variables in the Cluster
Setting variables that are defined with external variable definitions requires attention to be paid to variable namespacing, as exposed in the ClusterClass status. 
Variable values are set in Cluster `.spec.topology.variables`.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Since this doc introduces the idea of `global` variables when 2 or more definitions are "equivalent" in the paragraph just above this one it might be nice to include an example for a global variable here.

(With the corresponsding vairable definitions in the ClusterClass above).

Up to you. :)

Author: I think we already have a "global" variable here, just without the clashing so IMO the minimal example here is clearer, but if anyone has strong feelings I'm happy to add it.

Reviewer 2: No strong feelings from my side

Reviewer: No strong opinions. I am good if you are fine with this.

* **Avoid Dependencies**: An External Patch Extension must be independent of other External Patch Extensions. However
  if dependencies cannot be avoided, it is possible to control the order in which patches are executed via the ClusterClass.
* **Error messages**: For a given request (a set of templates and variables) an External Patch Extension must
  always return the same error message. Otherwise the system might become unstable due to controllers being overloaded
  by continuous changes to Kubernetes resources as these messages are reported as conditions. See [error messages](implement-extensions.md#error-messages).

### Variable discovery guidelines
* **Distinctive variable names**: Names should be carefully chosen, and if possible generic names should be avoided. 
Using a generic name could lead to conflicts if the variables defined for this patch are used in combination with other 
patches providing variables with the same name.
* **Avoid breaking changes to variable definitions**: Changing a variable definition can lead to problems on existing 
clusters because reconciliation will stop if variable values do not match the updated definition. When more than one variable 

> with the same name is defined, changes to variable definitions can require explicit values for for each patch. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the same name is defined, changes to variable definitions can require explicit values for each patch. 
```

        items:
          type: string
        description: "preLoadImages sets the images for the docker machines to preload."
  - name: podSecurityStandard
    required: false
    schema:
      openAPIV3Schema:
        type: object
        properties:
          enabled:
            type: boolean
            default: true
            description: "enabled enables the patches to enable Pod Security Standard via AdmissionConfiguration."
          enforce:
            type: string
            default: "baseline"
            description: "enforce sets the level for the enforce PodSecurityConfiguration mode. One of privileged, baseline, restricted."
          audit:
            type: string
            default: "restricted"
            description: "audit sets the level for the audit PodSecurityConfiguration mode. One of privileged, baseline, restricted."
          warn:
            type: string
            default: "restricted"
            description: "warn sets the level for the warn PodSecurityConfiguration mode. One of privileged, baseline, restricted."
...
```

For additional details, you can see the full schema in <button onclick="openSwaggerUI()">Swagger UI</button>.

> TODO: Add openAPI definition to the SwaggerUI

Author: Will address this once I get initial feedback on the API for the request and response.

Reviewer 2: I think it's fine to address this with the PR which actually adds the API types. 

The types should be pretty clear from the example already.
